**Investment plan**.

The following is a method to manage your money better.

1. Get 11 Bank Accounts.

2. Use these Bank Accounts in the following ways.

- Use Bank Account #1 as your Main account (100% of your money) for all incoming funds. All incoming funds should come to Bank Account #1 only.
- Use Bank Account #2 as your Tax account (10% of your money or as advised by your tax accountant) for paying tax. Transfer the tax amount to Bank Account #2 and pay only tax using Bank Account #2 only.
- Use Bank Account #3 as your Office account (10% of your money) for marketing, office expenses, and utilities expenses. All office expenses should be spent from Bank Account #3 only.
- Use Bank Account #4 as your Marketing account (10% of your money) for all business marketing purposes. Set the marketing budget to less than 10% of the expected gross revenue in Bank Account #1.
- Use Bank Account #5 as your Home account (10% of your money) for food, rent, outings, and utilities. All home expenses should be spent from Bank Account #5 only.
- Use Bank Account #6 as your Retirement account (10% of your money) for debt, gold, investments, mutual funds, and share/stock trading.
- Use Bank Account #7 as Cash Account for Parents (10% of your money) for parental care.
- Use Bank Account #8 as Cash Account (10% of your money) for medical emergencies.
- Use Bank Account #9 as Cash Account (10% of your money) for the education of any progeny.
- Use Bank Account #10 as Cash Account (10% of your money) for buying real estate. You should buy real estate in cash only.
- Use Bank Account #11 as Dummy Account (10% of your bank money) for bank server errors or miscellaneous expenses.

If you have read this far, start calculating backwards from here with the question - “How much would I need for this?” - at every stage.