**Slowly intro**.

Hi you!

My name is Kushal Dhananjay Samant.

Welcome to my feel good about myself page. :D

As for my relationship, I think going grocery shopping, and cook dinner is a fabulous date idea. I really want to find someone open to travel the world in trains with me. I want to have great conversations and a lot of sex. I'm looking for something regular and long term with or without the commitment. I want to spend time in this city, buy groceries, chill at my place with my partner, buy groceries, cook meals, eat, have 2 am conversations, rough sex, sleep, wake up to make breakfast, more conversations, movies, music, maybe art, &c.

I am an ENFJ-A. I was born in the city and grew up in the places where the streets had no names. I am an academic @dypca, aeromodeller, @airbnb superhost, angel investor, architect @kushalsamant_, author, chapter founder & dev @wikihouseproject, film-maker @youtube, lyricist @saavn, podcast host @anchor, top @medium writer, &c. I write about the programming of human behavior using architecture. By day I work on the WikiHouse project, host on Airbnb, build off the grid houses by GRÜHAM. And by night I do architectural research projects through my architectural practice.

I am looking to have people I can chill with. Know that I can count on them. Some of them might become friends. Few of them might become best friends. And one of them will be okay being with me without tags. Then someday, someone will want me to spend the rest of my life travelling with her.

I am sending out this random letter in the auto search option. I wish I could make this unique for you, but then the app wouldn't let me. Either ways, if you want to talk to me in this global pandemic, feel free to write to me. I have made friends with many and met three people from Slowly so far. I am looking for more such amazing experiences.

I live in Seawoods. That's in Navi Mumbai. This is mostly going to be long distance. I will understand if you want to walk away because of that. You may find better guys nearby. But if we are meeting then I would like to have the option of staying over, open. Because travelling back home is a task in the middle of the night.

I love big eyes, cars, cities, cold beer, cold coffee, conversations, cooking, cuddles, cycles, design, dogs, farms, films, food, grocery shopping, long walks, maps, nature, open backs, outbacks, outdoors, Oxford comma, pizzas, random ticket travelling, rough sex, running, seafaring, silence, spontaneity, swimming, teamwork, thought processes, travel, turtles, unconditional friendships, and unusual names. What do you like?

My grand aunt is a monarch. I have stopped a country from deporting a Frenchman. I have written one, and read 999+ books.

Once I left with a roommate to have chai, got on a bus to Kerala, called Malayalee friends for a week-long free stay, & pooled money for return tickets.

The hallmark of a good relationship is a honest commitment to stay in it. This is never 50-50. It almost always is 0-100, 20-80, 40-50, 60-40, 80-20, & 100-0 over prolonged periods of time.

The week of the 3rd of January, 2018 was a week when I lived my life at weddings, travel, meeting people, and house parties. 3rd of Jan is also a date when I got my tattoo, back in 2011. There is a thing about the New Year's Week - It gives me a reality check. I am glad that this app led to remind me of my dreams.

Yours truly,

**Slowly letters 8**.

Is this your real name?

Well, I love writing long letters. :P 
Yes, I did move around because my parents moved around for very specific reasons. I moved around in search of greener pastures, or for someone, I was dating then. Mostly for projects.

To move around, well the fascination lies in making the journey. The newness of it all is exciting. I have never got tired of moving around. You should try it too. :)

Wow. is IT in Chennai a common thing? Do you write code too? Or are you a tester? I have a profile on GitHub. But I made that to code my website on GitHub Pages. Nothing fancy.

Do you have pet/s? I read your bio. I would like to know more about what you think of photography. Do you share? VSCO? Instagram? EyeEm? 500px? or are you a photographer who does not share your clicks?

Wow. I have been to Mysore thrice in my life, and Chennai once. I always wanted to spend more time in Chennai, but the weather is too hot than what I can take. Where did you learn Telugu? I love learning new languages. I used to go on online chatrooms, sign in to a room of any place in the world, say Sarajevo. I would ask if anyone in the room knew English. If I was lucky to find someone, I would ask this person to "translate: How are you?" in their local tongue. I would pick up translations for phrases like this. After my tutor went offline, I would chat in the local language. I would make note of any unknown phrases to run by my tutor later in time. This process is damn helpful. It is kind of taxing to maintain a journal of all the phrases but you can make two columns in a page, and write down English | Local Language to keep track of things.

Happy New Year to you!
I don't do new year resolutions. Instead I keep working on whatever it is that I am working on in the last week/ first week of these years. I aim to move out of my mom's house. I want to go to Bangalore to help a friend out. I want to get a sustainable secure job. I want to start traveling the world. Maybe moving abroad. Also, my birthday is on the 31st of Dec. When is yours?

Question for today: How many friends do you have? Please do elaborate on the positives of these people.

Yours truly,

**Slowly letters 5**.

My mom's family is from Telishery, Kannur.
Dad's a Maharashtrian.

Assistant Professor sounds so cool :P
I have a keen interest in psychology but never got the chance to read a lot about it.
Congrats on the job :)
M.Phil and Ph.D. and then what's next?

I am currently job hunting, waiting for a legal process for my inheritance to get done.

Well you have done your masters :P I haven't yet. I need to do a lot of catching up to do with adulting. I did most of the things simultaneously. This happened because I help other people solve their problems, and as a result involve myself in a hoard of things.

Well I stopped deportation of a French national who was a guest at my Airbnb. It's a long story about how NMIMS's exchange program staff did not get the right stamps on his VISA and tried to send him back under the premise of proving his residency in this country as invalid. I will tell you that in person, on call, or maybe somewhere we can talk. Soon enough.

I am probably going to stay put in one place for a while, and then travel for 5 years in a row. I haven't really been to popular places like Gokarna, or Goa alone. But I visit different cities all by myself and usually have a group of friends joining me.

Saudi Arabia is a tough place na.
I so want to visit Kochi Muziris Biennale next year.
What's your hometown in Kerala?
I was in Bangalore, from 2017 Septemeber to 2018 June.
Do you like Delhi? I have never got a chance to move to that city.

I watch Tamil and Malayalam movies. I like Tamil songs. Which songs do you like? I wanted to learn French only because it is compulsory if you want to move to France. 

I think USA is not a good option. Bad place to be rather.
Canada is amazing, but only if someone comes along with me :P
Maybe we can travel together then.

Why are you worried about life? 
Isn't it better to make a list of things you want, and go for it?
You can always improvise your plans if you fail?

Well it's ok na. You have a masters degree.
I am sure if you try again, you will clear it.
Besides you already know a lot about clinical psychology.
Why not do an M.Phil in a related subject, and then do your Ph.D. in clinical psychology? 

I was not aware that we don't have an All India Entrance Exam.
You must have travelled a fuckloads for these exam, and interview rounds?
Where all have you been?

3 years old is so young! I am sure you have an amazing mind too!
Oh! So how many siblings do you have?

My oldest memory is probably around when I was 4. I was in the living room look inside the room. There was a sofa in front of me with a window beyond it. My mom was standing at the window looking outside, waiting for Dad to come home from Mauritius. I remember asking her, "What is Kushal? Since everyone calls me Kushal, what is Kushal for me?" (Answer is "Name") I think I spent about 15 mins getting my point across with whatever limited vocabulary I had.

Today's question: What inspired you to do psychology?

Have a nice day.

**Slowly letters 4**.

Thanks for writing your name. Most people here do not write their names on these letters. It will help if we run into each other someday. :) 

I am currently in between jobs. I am still weighing my options career-wise. I write a lot these days for my newsletter and website.

A bit more about Bangalore. This project is about creating and publishing 5 architecture books that should sell 5,000 copies at Rs.200 each in an year. This is not an easy task. If successful, I will get paid 2,500,000 by the research firm that wants to employ me.

Problems are that,
1. They are willing to spare 10,000 a month for my retainer.
2. They want to invest 6 months of time in the making of these books. This might not be sufficient to get it done.

The benefits are,
1. I *may* get 2,500,000 after 6 to 12 months.
2. a. I can build network of subscribers for my written content/ newsletter.
3. b. I can build awareness that I curate portfolios and make an entire social media strategy as a service.

The alternative steps are,
1. Finishing Revit architecture certification from AutoDesk.
2. Getting a job at an architecture office in Mumbai for 35k to 40k a month steady income.

Damage control options are,
1. Using Bangalore's retainer to get Revit architecture certification from AutoDesk by February.
2. a. Returning to Mumbai and following alternative step 2.
3. b. Using benefits 2. a to host interested folks at a farmhouse on Airbnb. I could also do architecture competitions with the money I can make on Airbnb. This will then be a full-fledged practice.

In conclusion fail safe paths are,
1. Damage control 1. & 2.a.
2. Alternative steps.

Enough about my dreams, and work!

Well enough about me.
You are trying something new. That's interesting enough. :)
I know this letter is too much to take in. I am making a list of questions at the end here, because duh! :P :D 
I have so many questions for you! :D
- What is your birthdate?
- Where all have you lived, and traveled so far?
- What did you study?
- What all are you learning currently?
- What kind of work do you do?
- Maybe you can help me learn more about the Canada bit?
- Do you have a reading list?
- What's your favorite book?
- What are you currently reading?
- Do you photograph?
- Do you have an Instagram page or something?
- Can you tell me more about sustainability?
- Do you have a kitchen garden?
- What all are you curious about in life?
- What's on your bucket list?

Happy Christmas to you too!!! 
Yours truly,

**Slowly letters 1**.

Hahahahaha, let's write longer letters :P
since these may take days to reach you/me.

Well, those things I did happened over the years, say about 15 years. I am sure a lot of people do many things, but don't write them down in a list like I did. I am sure there is nothing spectacular about it.

Where are you originally from? Where were you born? Or did all did you move to?

My story goes like,
90 Borivali, Bombay
96 Nerul, Navi Mumbai
98 Kudal
08 Belgaum
11 Belgaum, and Bangalore
12 Belgaum
13 Bangalore
14 Seawoods, Navi Mumbai
15 Bandra, Mumbai
16 Andheri East, Mumbai
17 Malad, Goregaon, and Bangalore
18 Bangalore, and Seawoods, Navi Mumbai
19 Seawoods, Navi Mumbai

I used to be in Mumbai for vacations.

😛 I am not that interesting, it's just that I talk a lot. For example, hold a conversation for 8 hours on first dates. Probably that's why I could take lectures. I once did a photography project of shooting pictures of myself everyday to see how my look changed as my beard grew after a clean-shave to a bear-face. I should upload that on my Instagram.

I live in Seawoods, Navi Mumbai these days. Today, I am at a place called Aarey Milk Colony. I am spending some alone time at a friend's house, who isn't here, who is visiting folks. I will stay here until this friend returns from home on the 2nd of Jan, or until my birthday, 31st of December, I don't know for sure, let's see.

India is a big place. I have travelled to most of the states during my architecture college days, and I have so much left to see. Maybe someday I will travel it all.

I have never travelled abroad. I got my passport 16 days ago. I have always wanted to travel the world and film landscapes enroute. Would you be interested to join the team?

Also, I have been thinking of moving to a different country for a job. Popular options are Canada, Australia, or New Zealand. Argentina was on my mind, but it was a forgotten choice. I can't speak Portuguese, or Spanish as my one Brazilian and another Argentine friend does. I need to practice these. How many languages do you know?

Tell me about yourself. What all do you do in life? Do you teach?
Made in India with ❤️

**Slowly letters 7**.

Yes. My parent's marriage is one of a kind. Maharashtrian guy, Malayalee girl. Guy's from a patriarchal society. Girl's from a matriarchal society. Guy's a capitalist. Girl's a communist. Guy's family is religious. Girl's family is not religious. I was born in the city. I grew up in places where the streets had no names. Such a mix! I feel like I have seen the best and worst of all worlds.

It wasn't a big deal back then, somewhere in the 80s considering that they belong to families that have owned banks starting from my great grandfather. I am not fluent in Malayalam. I can survive in a gathering of cousins though :P

I have been to Kerala 4 times in my life. Once with the family when I was a kid to Kannur. Once with my aunt and her family to Kasargod, I think.  Once on a college tour when I passed through Kerala on my way to Bangalore from Kanyakumari. Once with my college roommates on a very impromptu trip to Mananthvadi, Wayanad.

I am not a Bombay boy, definitely not a South Bombay guy. I don't know what I am. I am a mix of different things in this city. For example, you know when you can go from "kidhar hai bey" to "Kasa kay bantai" in less than a second. :P

Childhood was filled with a lot of things. A mix of bullying, fishing on bridges, river rafting, traveling in the countryside, wildlife. I think I can tell you more about instances of being brought by parents from two entirely different cultures if you can ask me a lot of specific questions about it :D

I have heard of Thiruvalla, Pathanamthitta. I am not aware of its geographical location. But isn't that a temple town? Is it in Wayanad? I am not sure but it sounds familiar.

My passion for making small airplane models, fly them in vast open country plains and building things, in general, led me to architecture. I wanted to be an inventor. I still do. I did not know much about architecture when I thought of doing the degree. As it is, Architecture is a small niche of itself. To add to that, I was in a rural area during schooling years. I don't know much about architecture yetI Tell me one thing, why do most women in Psychology join the field after they meet a psychologist? I have heard this "met a psychologist, and was inspired by how he changed people's life" story umpteenth times now :D

This is new information. I always thought that masters were enough for psychologists to practice in India. Never knew an M.Phil is necessary too. Is this specific to clinical psychology only? or is this new rule applied for every branch of psychology?

I think education in India in every field is lagging behind the world in terms of practical exposure. It's a vicious cycle, especially when colleges hire their current graduating batch to teach the next batches. Like why the fuck would you do such disservice to others!

Woman! Most psychologists are always hot and bothered. Too many psychs would make the population rate spike! Are you sure you still want to increase the capacity of those colleges?

So you are in going to be studying in India 2024 at least. I just realized it's 2020 in the next 3 days. Fuck my life, I am growing older! Oh, your mom is a Malayalee in Canada? That's a first! :D hahaha. 

I want to road trip around the world. I need a job that pays me well for it. I will move or not move depending on where it is. If these constraints are waived off then I will probably think of Canada or maybe France. Have you seen the streets in Paris? They are ❤️. 

If not Canada, then what's on your mind now?

Whenever you make a to-do list, keep the clock away. 
And when you are doing something, don't pause, or stop, or take a break, until it's done. 

I am aware that this process will get tiring, so you have to make the to-do list as detailed as possible, include all the steps in it. When you get tired, work on a different step. We often don't realize but - A change of job is also a break/ relaxation.

This is also the answer to your earlier question of how did I manage to do so much more in life at my age.

I need a travel partner. period. For company, intimacy, and sex. Not always though. But then if I leave her/you alone I am bound to have trust issues in the first few months of being together, then things normalize.

It's funny how most people go on these solo trips, and realize that they are not happy with their lives, and weird enough everyone goes on an "ending things, ending relationships, quitting jobs, getting a haircut, ending epithelial life (tattoo :P)  spiral" instead of a "fixing things spiral". Like I haven't found anyone who would come back from a journey and want to continue their life as it is. Such people must be rare.

So you have traveled this country in the "I went to work in Switzerland but the Alps were always behind that glass window" sort. :P

If you want to add me/ message me/ or whatever on Instagram, do let me know it's you, and then when I follow you back, accept my request. Else I will think that you are just another cute married girl trying to lead a double life :D :P

I am researching on the programming of human behavior using architecture. I use this a lot in my architectural work. Mostly because they are all event spaces. That means places that are dilapidated when I and my client go there. Then I measure it, sketch it, discuss the options my clients will have if he gets that place on a lease, then I draw it, make a model, discuss some more by looking at the model and then I give my client the final drawings to begin the work by the end of the day. I guess writing and drawing architectural solutions is the only thing that I am pretty fast at. I need to capitalize on this. :D

Question for today: Do you make/ build or curate stuff?

Yours truly, 

P.S.: :P I am thinking of publishing these letters into a book format.

**Slowly letters 6**.

I am doing great.

You are most welcome. I love writing long letters on most days :D 
Hahahaha, intermittent fasting only has the idea of eating you out attached to it :P It must be a bold move for an introvert to come over such a platform. That's so brave of you.

Yes, I do write long letters on most days. Well, it does take a lot of time and attention, but I do it for the joy of it. I have a slight level of OCD, and I am a stickler for great communication, words. I often lose my cool if people misrepresent or stretch facts in a discussion.

I am looking for someone to travel, and experience life with. I have lost the hope for love. I tried dating apps, but after 2000 first dates, and many many flings, I realized that in the end, we are all alone. You did a wise thing by not looking for love outside. I am sure love will find you now, much like the Sorceror's Stone - It comes to those who don't seek it. I am sure peace and serenity follows :P

I guess we both share the same interests - to earn and travel every place on this planet, and yes! Dogs!. They are ❤️. I don't want to have my own kids. Maybe adopt a kid, but then it's expensive to raise a child. I always wonder how does this become more expensive for every new generation.

I am an architect. Creativity or not, I often try to solve problems for other people. There is a lot of satisfaction in lifting the weight off someone's shoulders. You should try it sometime. I have my good and bad days, so I am not sure if this nature always attracts positivity, but it sure does attract depressed souls in search of positivity.

Well if you want to plan to move then we can might as well exchange phone numbers, share notes, and help each other. I love trekking. I actually like the Instagram photos under #britishcolumbia or BC as they call it.

I hope it begins without the risks that I run with losing things. Thanks for the wishes. My mom works in a bank. So that's her only home. She lives in a rented apartment in the city. So clearly, I'm not rich, yet :D

Well strangers or not, how does it matter! I get to journal here, organize my thoughts, and also get others to tell me what they think. Who knows what might click somewhere, and everything will start to make sense, no?

What do you mean? What did I inspire you to do? 

I learnt those languages on online chatrooms, and as an Airbnb host. Talking to people who can speak in English, and learning their language over time. This takes a lot of time and effort too. Like these letters.

I have never been a fan of spiritual books. But I guess yours must be a Bong thing, since most of my Bong friends read them a lot. I read non-fiction, self help, autobiographies, and something classics or fiction. I am not a huge fan of fantasies. I write eroticas though.

Why do you have anger issues? Can you tell me more about it? I love writing letters more though. It's therapeutic.

My birthdate is 31/12/1990. You are writing a CV yes :P I can't help but believe you. What exactly is the project about?

Well, you should explore Bombay. My plans are going to be an expensive affair. I want to do all those things I spoke about workwise before moving out. That's great!

My brother is a photographer. What is on your reading list? Do you have any recommendations? I can't wait to know more about sustainability. I am curious about human behaviour. I will probably read about it in the coming year. Which plants do you have? 

From today I started uploading my pictures, and art on my vsco.co account.
Shy is not a great thing to be :D You don't know what you are missing out on in life experiences.

Yours truly,

**Slowly letters 3**.

Can I know your first name? It helps add context :P Maybe if we run into each other someday. :) Yes I got bored of writing a bio, so I have my website bio here :P Well it clearly works to get people to reply to me :D

Thanks! For all of these compliments. :)

I never knew Kolkata was called the City of Joy. What kind of research do you do? I might move to Bangalore to complete a research and publication project at an architecture firm there :) I lose my patience when people cannot discuss things calmly and in-depth :P What all are you learning currently?

I agree you are single because you might not have the freedom to get guys over :P I like people who hate selfies :D The beard and face project was an exception :D What's on your bucket list? Where all have you lived, and traveled so far?

How big is your garden? Is there anyone who doesn't love Coldplay? :D

Happy Christmas to you too!!!
Yours truly,

P.S. You can see my pictures on my Instagram. I am currently curating my entire photo archive from Google Photos on it.

**Slowly letters 2**.

Corinthiana, that's such an architect-y name na. :P Where did you do your architecture from - as in which college?

I loved Slowly but after a while, since we are like 2 hours away by flight, this will feel like intermittent texting :D Also there is none of the post office being shut, none of the visiting the stationery store for envelopes, and none of the figuring out of how many postal stamps do you need to paste on the letters, plus the argument with the postmaster on how much postage they should charge and jazz. Yes! I have had many penpals back in the day. I have all their addresses committed to memory :P I am being such a boastful ass now.

Write anonymously. I don't care. But knowing your first name is preferred. Maybe someday I will find you in some architecture event. Maybe someday I can do something with that. :P

I am on slowly because I work solo. I get bored often so talking to people helps. Also, all these questions that people ask give me a point of reference for myself. It's kind of a reality check and self-discovery. This is also the reason I am anywhere I get to talk to people, like dating apps and jazz. I wrote the bio from my website because I was too lazy to type out a new bio for Slowly :P

I like being in new places, and you can always revisit the old ones. Newness, and nostalgia have their own charms. I often do this thing of pausing everything, gazing into the horizon, and burning that moment to my memory. This is probably something that I have never told anyone. Where all have you lived exactly?

Are you an art teacher? :P 
At times, I write not-subtle-at-all erotica.  🙈 
Just playful tease :P nothing more. I love keeping things on edge on somedays.

And no! My fetish did not inspire me to be an architect. The things that inspired me to be an architect was my love for doing everything. I used to make small airplanes at 13, make models of stuff, sell refills on the streets after school, not because the family was poor or anything like that, but just because I loved it all. I am a generalist, not a specialist :P something like that.

I am thinking of moving. I want to move because I want to travel the world. Roadtrip the world, and film the whole trip on camera. Not marry anyone and travel! I think this also answers your last question :P This life dream requires a lot of self-funding that the Indian economy does not give me. For now, I just got my passport na, so I am reading up on the matter. Bangalore, Canada, Eastern Europe, and France are on my mind.

Work license is not an issue in most countries. Also, you cannot afford to run an architectural business without a local partner. I collected these local partners when I was in the 2nd year of my college. So right now, it is a lot easier for me to move to any country that lets me employ myself as an architect, with them, or under them. On the other hand, I can always work in a firm without having any contacts.

You do know a lot of languages. I can speak let me recount - English, Hindi, Marathi, Malayalam, Kannada, Spanish (6). Dialects - Malvani, Hyderabadi Hindi (2). Beginner - German, Bosnian, Serbian, Turkish (4)

I think everyone is trying to figure out what to do in life. This is an architecture thing. You should write your thoughts down. Or tell it to someone else without looking for a response, or say it out loud to yourself. I call this as sound boarding. And the person you do this with is your sounding board. More like how the board of directors of a company is. Ideally, make a list (ideally on paper), and ask a simple question, "Do you want to do this?" - then apply this rule - "If the answer is not a clear YES, then it's a clear No!"

Would you like to work together? We could be a lot of fun. In life, I am literally at a point in life where I can do whatever I want to do with no past commitments. Let me know, and maybe we can beat the world at it :P Also, I have got space, if you are open to the idea. Let me know.

I teach architectural design, graphics & drawing representation, and AutoDesk software to students up to the 4th Semester. 

I asked about the single bit because every place is an amazing place to find good platonic love. Unlike dating apps, it's slow-paced, and we get to know each other before anything else. I am not looking to marry. For me, it's travel first with my partner, then buy a piece of land, with a lot of dogs, basically having a kennel.

Also, I _might_ ask you out someday, or I _might not_ ask you out at all, we never know. There are no expectations. I like your bio. I am going to try and reply to your letter now :P

- What is your birthdate?

- What all are you curious about in life?

- Tell me about your favorite architectural structures. - Bridges, I love bridges. The ones like Erasmus in 
Rotterdam, Netherlands.

- I love listening to any kind of music but metal. As for songs, the lyrics should have a good story in it. I would like to read books, but then I realized that the movie covers that same story in 3 hours or so. So that's lucrative :P  I love playing minesweeper. Now I am your favorite person :P

- What are you currently reading? What's your favorite book? Do you have a reading list? I love reading.

- Do you have an Instagram page or something for your photography? I love Instagramming. Remind me to share this after we know each other really well. For now, I will live in suspense :P I like people who hate selfies :D The beard and face project was an exception :D

- I love being by myself. I try sketching on tissue paper at restaurants. I do all my site work on sketches, and you are exhilarating. I never got access to Korean shows. Help me out there!? I love walking, and I have only once heard someone use the word Southpaw before. Gosh, you must be sculpted as fuck. I really need to hit the gym too :P 

- P.S: All kinds of a gym, to sharpen me overall :D

Gosh! I did write a long letter. Let's see if you can reply to this one and not get bored doing so :P Sorry typing to all of this is going to take a while. 🙈 I am not asking you a new question at the end of this letter because duh! :P :D

Yours truly,
