---
layout: content
---

Okay, so let's call this Siddhi Behavior. So, Siddhi is the name of a girl who I met who was into, you know, doing Yajna and all of these things. She would pray to this Devi, Gayatri Devi, the Goddess of Learning, I think, career-wise. And you do these prayers in the night, specifically for that Goddess. You do it at night from 1 to 3 or something, or before 1 o'clock. And she was big time into Krishna and everything else. And she met me at Marine Drive. We went for a walk, nice fucking walk. She taught me that when you hold a person by your arm, with one hand, it is one kind of liking them. But when you hold that same person in the same hand with both your hands, then, you know, you hold their arm with both your hands, it's another level of liking. And she would walk, she walked the entire thing like that with me. Even though it was the first time we were meeting. And she was asexual and she was vegetarian. But then she came home one day. The next day she said, I want to come and see you because her best friend thinks that we should meet. That me and her should be a thing because we seem very good together. So she said she wants to come over. So she said to come over in the afternoon. And I asked her, what is it that triggers her? So that in case she gets triggered, how do I put her to ease? From anything. So what's the best thing a person should be doing in case you get triggered? It can be the person who has triggered you. It can also be a person who is not triggered you. So how do you put someone at ease? Do you need a hug or do you need some space? What is it? So she said no, she will tell me after she meets me. I said fine. She came the next day. We went on a small ride on my bike. We went home. We were sitting and we were talking. And she said she will get her own lunch because she likes to. She's very specific about her lunch. She's very sensitive. She's got a sensitive gut and all that stuff. So she got her own tiffin box with her. And now this lady was talking to me. And we had a comfortable distance. We are far away from each other. I'm listening to her. And she was very angry about her ex. And she was telling me about her ex. Her stories and everything. And she said, okay. Yeah, so she was telling me that whole thing. And her face was angry. So I smiled because I have never seen her angry, right? So I smiled because it looks very like I was interested and curious about, Hey, how does her face look when she's angry? And she got offended by it for some reason. She said, hey, you're smiling. Why are you smiling? I'm talking, telling you about something that is hurting me. And you're smiling about it. And I told her, you know, no, nothing like that. I'm smiling for this very reason that I've never seen you angry. And she said, no, I'm getting up. And she just literally picked up her stuff, her tiffin. She didn't even wash her hands. You know, she was eating chapati and stuff like that. She didn't even wash her hands. She literally did not do that. She just packed everything. She put it in her bag. And she's like, I want to leave right now. And I was like, what happened? We can talk about it. Because I did not see anything that was happening that was, you know, beyond reconciliation or beyond repair. So, because it was not something physical or it was not anything that way. Right. So, she was safe. Physically, she was safe. Everything was safe. So, she said she wants to go home. I said, okay, fine. If you insist. But then I was telling her, you can still talk. I was insisting we'll sit and talk. And she was like, no, I want to go. So, I asked her two or three times to wait and stay and let's talk it out. And she said, no. So, I let it go. And so, that is how I, that's how much I was insisting. And then I, she said, okay, I'll open the door. So, I opened the door for her. I told her I'll come and drop her to the rickshaw. She said, no, she'll find a way. So, I still continued. I went all the way to the main road. Because that's courtesy, right? Someone comes to your house as a guest. You do that. So, this lady went. I dropped her to the rickshaw. I told her to call me when you get home or call me when you get to the station. Eat something. All of that. And then I came back. And I sat. And I wondered what the fuck happened. I came back home. I sat upstairs at my place. And then I was wondering what happened. And then this lady goes like, I should not call me. So, I called her to check where is she. 15 minutes out. Right? So, I thought maybe she must have at the station. She must have had her food or something. And she said she's at the Vashi Bridge. Which is very odd. Because it is quite far away. You can't get there in 15 minutes after you catch a rickshaw. Rickshaw takes 5 minutes to the station. You need 5 minutes to get to the train. And Vashi Bridge is 10 minutes after that. 10-15 minutes after that. So, you still need like about 25-30 minutes to get to that place from door to door. Okay? And I asked her, okay. Why did you do this? And she was like, I have a rule with myself. That if anything even slightly makes me uncomfortable or I don't like something. I will leave that place immediately. Which is a very intense rule. I get it. But I think sometimes it's good. Sometimes it's not good. It can play both ways for a person who adopts this kind of an approach to life. But I asked her, okay. You told me before to discuss what do you do. What should someone do when you get triggered. And she was like, you are supposed to not let me go. Is what she said. And I was like, but that isn't against your consent. If I hold you back and kidnap you sort of a thing, right? Very weird. So, yeah. That happened. So, yeah. That's what I wanted to tell you.


WAIT FOR MY PROMPT